# Final Project Proposal
For my final project I want to stray away from the ellipses. I was watching more of the man that runs the Youtube channel The Coding Train, and one of his coding challenge videos inspired my final project. I want to create a fractal tree that either grows from the bottom or the screen and looses its leaves or just have a fractal tree and have snow falling. The Coding Train Youtube channel is serving as inspiration, and he has several different examples of fractal trees. The designs are simplistic but very pretty and unique.
## Problems
In his videos for making these fractal trees he explains that the more you want the tree to do you'll want to use objects. I really struggle with the object function in coding, so I am going to give myself plenty of time just in case I run into any issues. I really wanted to do something with objects for my final project because I feel like I need more practice and that I haven't fully grasped the concept of objects.
## Work Plan
My work plan is for the week of November 26th to the 30th I do the majority, if not all, of the project. Each day I plan on spending time on the project. The first few days I plan on getting the basics and then once I have that finished I will move into the more complicated parts. So far this week I have done my research on what I want to do for my project, and I have been watching serval tutorials on objects, so I can get a better grasp on the concept. Tomorrow I plan on beginning my final sketch.
